For our last test, we will be testing the GetMoviesRankingEndpoint.
This endpoint gives us back the overall ranking of our requested movie.
This endpoint uses our secondary index.
We will add the fact attribute and name our task
GetMoviesRankingReturnsAnOverallMovieRanking.
We add a userId constant and set this to 5.
We also add a movieName constant.
We want to add data to our movie rank table,
so we call off to our AddMovieRankData and pass in the userId and movieName.
Using the GetAsync method, we call off to our GetMoviesRankingEndpoint. The
route for this endpoint is movies/ movieName /ranking.
We want to read the response and deserialize it into
our MovieRankResponse contract.
We will add an Assert to check that the MovieRankResponse contract is not null.
You might want to add further tests for this endpoint,
such as ensuring the correct overall ranking is returned.
Let's now run all of our tests to ensure they're all passing.
We have now added a few tests that test each found movie rank solutions endpoints.